add message about log collection for PCI enabled orgs (#24014)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/awscodepipeline.md

<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: Logs are billed separately from CI Visibility. Log retention, exclusion, and indexes are configured in Logs Settings. Logs for AWS CodeBuild can be identified by the <code>source:codebuild</code> and <code>sourcecategory:aws</code> tags.</div>

> <div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: Job log collection is not available for [PCI-compliant organizations][18].</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: Job log collection is not available for <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/data_security/pci_compliance/?tab=logmanagement">PCI-compliant organizations.</a></div>
```

Reviewer: You can't use Markdown in `<div>` tags.
